Welcome to this course module. It's an important one, not a super long one but an important one.
React native and redux, obviously we want to use both because we use redux in so many react apps,
it's also important for state management in react native because why would it be different there.
React native apps also of course use some state we need to manage right,
so why not use redux and actually, it'll turn out that redux is really easy to use in react native apps.
So in this module, we'll just have a brief, a very brief refresher on redux but I do expect you to know
what it is or to have the willingness to learn it,
I won't go through it in detail and thereafter, I will show you how to add redux to a react native
app.
So let's start with the brief refresher.